Add ClickPipes Protobuf documentation (#5428)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/integrations/data-ingestion/clickpipes/kafka/04_best_practices.md

ClickPipes inserts data into ClickHouse in batches. This is to avoid creating too many parts in the database which can lead to performance issues in the cluster.

Batches are inserted when one of the following criteria has been met:

> - The batch size has reached the maximum size (100,000 rows or 28MB per 1GB of pod memory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The batch size has reached the maximum size (100,000 rows or 28 MB per 1 GB of pod memory)
```
